https://codepen.io/rufis1982/pen/dyYPRvp?editors=1000

  1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    2. What is HTML used for? 
    mark-up or laying the foundation.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    An attriute is put inside an element.  It adds additional information
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    It is used for the main header and we should only use it once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    img and anchors
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    The main header and sometimes nav and possibly image
    7. What is an id? 
    An attribute that specifies an unique id to a tag.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    Any element. But can only be used once for each id and should only be on things that are the most specific.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    You can use any id once on a page.
    10. What is a class? 
    Class is an attribute that is used to define equal styles for elements with the same class name.  It is more broad than an id but more specific that div or span or section.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    Section,Span,Div,P,H,img,anchor
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    As many as makes sense.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    <a href="/" target="_blank">
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    To help SEO and other users to know what the picture is.
    15. How do I reference an id?
    the symbol #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div?
    Section combines a group like a chapter.  div is like a divisisn within a section
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    Css styles the html text (Cascading Style Sheets).
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    By using element selectors such as <h2>, p, .class, #id, *
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    id is specific to one element a class can be applied to a group. Id would be added to a single img, class could cover a paragraph,div,span all in one section.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    using the period.
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    .human p {}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    a selector that selects a dirct child of a parent.  If you want to style a specific child without addingg extra attributes to the tag.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of <sidebar>?
    a  div .sidebar{}
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    A selector that selects elements that are in a specific state.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-height:;
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing:;
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    * {
        text-transform: Capitalize;
    }
    * {
        text-transform: lowercase;
    }
    * {
        text-transform: CAPITALS;
    }
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    div {
        border: 1px dotted black;
    }
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    * selector/wildcard selector
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /* this is how you write a comment in css. *\
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    It is written above. or type pwd(print working directory).
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    type ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    type rm,  there is no warning you are deleting and once it is deleted there is no recovery of the file
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    Using version control software helps you keep track of changes — and keep every team member working off the latest version.
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    As often as you want.  But especially if you leave your computer or end for the day.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push -u origin branchname
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    fork,add TLs to collaborators,clone,create branch named firstname-lastname,open git in editor,add,commit,push,pull request.


Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 